OCI-attach reports from `clair-scan` 0.2 Task (#1483)
konflux-ci/build-definitions: task/clair-scan/0.2/README.md

## Results:

| name              | description                              |
|-------------------|------------------------------------------|
| TEST_OUTPUT       | Tekton task test output.                 |
| SCAN_OUTPUT       | Clair scan result.                       |

> | REPORTS           |Mapping of image digests to report digests|

Reviewer: Is it json? Maybe:

```suggestion
| REPORT_REFS           |Mapping of image digests to report digests in JSON format|
```
